Wow, you look amazing in that dress.
I know.
I want to buy all of this dress over there.
Sure, can I help you with that?
No need.
I have someone else to assist me.
I want one clipping.
She's pretty.
Actually, she just forced laughs.
Kim, did you get the memo?
You should dress up when you come into a luxury store.
Excuse me, ma'am.
But that outfit doesn't fit the standard of our store.
Our cheapest dress is ten times worth more than what you're wearing.
Is this why you're inviting in here, Olivia, to insult me?
You know, it's interesting how places with such flashy designs often contain a cheap product.
People are the same, right?
What?
What is this supposed to mean?
Are you calling me cheap?
Well, this is a very unexpected sight to see.